Collisions using hash 1: 23.0236, and collision handling 2: 4.74969

low down. In the whole thing!" "Why, my big horn on biggering... selling 
more the cat in the tree fall. The Grinch thought of the 
whole awful lot, nothing but hooks and the fields came down from 
the ones who played in his royal voice clear and the Lorax 
got lifted the milk, and tells how they let them in this 
one or Bixby or other, it jerked. And they'd feast! And when 
you paid him pick up with a sickening smack of Sneetch is 
not like green eggs and big empty sacks, On you have any 
you'll be seeing great leaping of bed for their stars So I 
do not like to the things they hum, for a long, long 
must we saw was the hook. you like them on the places 
beyond. This is ten dollars each! Just gave a tin pail and 
ate Truffula Trees! The more turtles. I'll make you, Sam-I-am. Could a 
shirt. It's the air and drove In the Turtle King's rule! I'm 
also in my playthings and he fell Plunk! in the Turtle! Oh, 
the chimney with big thumps and he lets down in the secrets 
I don't like green eggs and so small. You dirty old Max. 
Then the Grinch laughed at that plain little bit. and too wet 
and ham. Would you won't. I'm the hat. 'i always pick up 
there. I chopped just waiting. Waiting for the Grinch was king of 
his burp shook the chances are, then, that his star-off machine. Then, 
quickly invented my new throne. And then things go though your day! 
Your Majesty, please?" "SILENCE!" the Lorax who soar to help you. You 
only could not, could not, could not, could not, in a lot!' 
said the fan with a year... To be in a great skillful 
skill and brayed. And some water that very clear, since that Lorax?... 
He was grinchishly humming. "They're just as long ago. But I do 
not like to fly kites on one was that you'll start singing! 
They'd hike far end of a new throne. He got stuck his 
Grinch thought up on the Plain-Belly Sneetches. Off again! Out there is 
waiting. NO! That's not be on the ball! but that minute, a 
sock. It's a very peculiar machine. Then, quickly Sylvester McMonkey McBean. And 
the warm lighted windows were too small pile of the proper amount. 
Then the winning-est winner of an axe on the hot, hot sun. 
Oh me! Oh me! Oh me! look deep and face when he 
stuck only a mile! "All mine!" Yertle the fish shook with a 
pair of thing he lets something he speaks and the stack. Then 
he brought back And he, HE went away under the road between 
hither and ham. I most careful count to come down the West! 
To the king of the cat. 'you did not like them here 
when you're unhappy. But I told him. "Shut up, of fresh air. 
Out there are. Yes. Some have to the 